hi friends of mercadolibre and caixa
elegant because this time we bring
this pack of four poor
because we decided to make a package of the
poppers here where it's legal
well because the poppers and everything if
you are a fisherman because it is the favorite of
fishermen
because the power does not get stuck is not it
sinks always stays in the
surface and especially because it is a
decoy that the truth
experience has given me many many
catch
well we have here that is special
for
crystalline we have the classic head
red is the popper this inciter is for
that you can have bites we have here
this one that is special for lagoons and
mangroves and we have here this that is
Special for night or super indicator
also for cloudy water are popper's
rule in centimeters and are pesaditos
they are approximately 10 grams
You can make very long sets with these
buffers but what defines these poker
it is this
here in the part of the gills and in the
mouth already have a outputs that is what
that make these outputs good those
departures are going to help you when you
eches for him the water has more sound
this is now yes that one more model
advanced since like all products
that we sell, let's try it
can see is super this attractive to
the fish he
he already wants to eat it
after a while
throws more water
and has more power to chop then
apart from pretending
and bratton and magnetic transfer
of weight also has this excellent
apparatus that simulates a fish that is
going out to
to breathe good friends of the market
free and also from youtube I hope that
they liked the
the priests and then there 's always nobody
the best price was invited to visit the
page